.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

#### What type of PR is this?
<!--
Add one of the following kinds:

build: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
ci: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
docs: Documentation only changes
feat: A new feature
optimize: A new optimization
fix: A bug fix
perf: A code change that improves performance
refactor: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
style: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
test: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests
chore: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation
-->

#### Check the PR title.
<!--
The description of the title will be attached in Release Notes, 
so please describe it from user-oriented, what this PR does / why we need it.
Please check your PR title with the below requirements:
-->
- [ ] This PR title match the format: \<type\>(optional scope): \<description\>
- [ ] The description of this PR title is user-oriented and clear enough for others to understand.
- [ ] Add documentation if the current PR requires user awareness at the usage level.


#### (Optional) Translate the PR title into Chinese.


#### (Optional) More detailed description for this PR(en: English/zh: Chinese).
<!--
Provide more detailed info for review(e.g., it's recommended to provide perf data if this is a perf type PR).
-->
en:
zh(optional): 


#### (Optional) Which issue(s) this PR fixes:
<!--
Automatically closes linked issue when PR is merged.
Eg: `Fixes #<issue number>`, or `Fixes (paste link of issue)`.
-->

Commit message:

[fix] [backend] rename cozeloop to coze-loop (#18)
* fix(backend): cozeloop rename to coze-loop

* fix(frontend): repo name

* fix(docs): readme cozeloop rename

# Conflicts:
#	README.cn.md

* fix(docs): rebase main

* chore(infra): rm gen kitex config

* docs(workflow): pr template with semantic pr title example

* fix(docs): rename git url with coze-loop

---------

Co-authored-by: qihai <qihai@bytedance.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

#### What type of PR is this?
<!--
Add one of the following kinds:

build: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
ci: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs)
docs: Documentation only changes
feat: A new feature
optimize: A new optimization
fix: A bug fix
perf: A code change that improves performance
refactor: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
style: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
test: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests
chore: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation
-->

#### Check the PR title.
<!--
The description of the title will be attached in Release Notes, 
so please describe it from user-oriented, what this PR does / why we need it.
Please check your PR title with the below requirements:
-->
- [ ] This PR title match the format: \[\<type\>\]\[\<scope\>\]: \<description\>. For example: \[fix\]\[backend\] flaky fix
- [ ] The description of this PR title is user-oriented and clear enough for others to understand.
- [ ] Add documentation if the current PR requires user awareness at the usage level.


#### (Optional) Translate the PR title into Chinese.


#### (Optional) More detailed description for this PR(en: English/zh: Chinese).
<!--
Provide more detailed info for review(e.g., it's recommended to provide perf data if this is a perf type PR).
-->
en:
zh(optional): 


#### (Optional) Which issue(s) this PR fixes:
<!--
Automatically closes linked issue when PR is merged.
Eg: `Fixes #<issue number>`, or `Fixes (paste link of issue)`.
-->
